Contract Docs (#262)
ithacaxyz/porto: apps/docs/pages/contracts/orchestrator.md

    uint256 prePaymentAmount;
    /// @dev The actual total payment amount, requested by the filler. MUST be less than or equal to `totalPaymentMaxAmount`
    uint256 totalPaymentAmount;
    /// @dev The payment recipient for the ERC20 token.
    /// Excluded from signature. The filler can replace this with their own address.
    /// This enables multiple fillers, allowing for competitive filling, better uptime.
    address paymentRecipient;
    /// @dev The wrapped signature.
    /// `abi.encodePacked(innerSignature, keyHash, prehash)`.
    bytes signature;
    /// @dev Optional payment signature to be passed into the `compensate` function
    /// on the `payer`. This signature is NOT included in the EIP712 signature.
    bytes paymentSignature;
    /// @dev Optional. If non-zero, the EOA must use `supportedAccountImplementation`.
    /// Otherwise, if left as `address(0)`, any EOA implementation will be supported.
    /// This field is NOT included in the EIP712 signature.
    address supportedAccountImplementation;
}
```

Let's go through each of these fields, to discuss the features enabled by intents.

#### Gas Abstraction

> One of the most powerful use cases of executing through intents is that backend relays can abstract gas for users and get compensated in any token the user holds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the most powerful use cases of executing through intents is that rpc servers can abstract gas for users and get compensated in any token the user holds.
```

We've eliminated the concept of gas refunds, and made `prePayment` optional.

Here's how the flow works:

> 1. The user sends their calls to the relay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rpc server
```

2. The relay analyzes the calls and determines the amount they want to be paid, in the `paymentToken` specified in the intent.

> 3. The relay can run sophisticated griefing checks to assess risk. Based on this, they split the total payment between `prePayment` and `postPayment`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The rpc server can run sophisticated griefing checks to assess risk. Based on this, they split the total payment between `prePayment` and `postPayment`.
```

> 4. The relay can also set the `supportedAccountImplementation` field in the intent when sending it onchain, to reduce the risk of the user frontrunning them by upgrading their account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The rpc server can also set the `supportedAccountImplementation` field in the intent when sending it onchain, to reduce the risk of the user frontrunning them by upgrading their account.
```

If the `postPayment` fails, the user's entire execution is reverted. This ensures users cannot exploit the system to get free executions.

:::warning
Beyond this, the contracts do not provide native griefing protection. It is up to the relay to simulate the call and evaluate the risk associated with each intent.

> Relays may choose to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RPC Servers may choose to:
```

- Only support accounts that follow ERC-4337 validation rules.
- Charge the full fee as `postPayment` if they fully trust the user.
:::

We leave the decision of how to split the payment between `prePayment` and `postPayment` entirely to each relay.

Our recommendations:

1. Including both `prePayment` and `postPayment` in an intent introduces an extra ERC20 transfer, increasing gas costs. This tradeoff should be considered.
2. Relays should build sophisticated offchain griefing defenses, such as reputation systems and risk premiums for new users.
3. Charging only via `postPayment` allows the user to start execution without upfront funds. This enables use cases where funds become available only after the call—e.g., after withdrawing from a DApp.

:::note
There is no `postPayment` field in the intent. Post payment is calculated as `totalPayment - prePayment`.
This is done to make the EIP-712 struct more explicit and readable.
:::

#### Paymasters
On the topic of payments, DApps might want to sponsor payments for their users. 

> This means that instead of the payment to the relay being collected from the user's porto account, it can be collected from any third-party contract that implements the [pay()](./account.md#1-pay) function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that instead of the payment to the RPC server being collected from the user's porto account, it can be collected from any third-party contract that implements the [pay()](./account.md#1-pay) function.
```

To sponsor an intent, you just need to set the `payer` field to the paymaster contract's address. 

:::note
If left empty, the payer field is substituted with the intent's eoa address. 

This is done for a gas optimization, related to calldata compression.
:::

> We've allowed porto accounts to act as paymasters for other porto accounts. This makes it extremely simple to spin up paymasters to sponsor gas for your users.

Reviewer: this is actually really cool !

    uint256 totalPaymentAmount;
    /// @dev The payment recipient for the ERC20 token.
    /// Excluded from signature. The filler can replace this with their own address.
    /// This enables multiple fillers, allowing for competitive filling, better uptime.
    address paymentRecipient;
    /// @dev The wrapped signature.
    /// `abi.encodePacked(innerSignature, keyHash, prehash)`.
    bytes signature;
    /// @dev Optional payment signature to be passed into the `compensate` function
    /// on the `payer`. This signature is NOT included in the EIP712 signature.
    bytes paymentSignature;
    /// @dev Optional. If non-zero, the EOA must use `supportedAccountImplementation`.
    /// Otherwise, if left as `address(0)`, any EOA implementation will be supported.
    /// This field is NOT included in the EIP712 signature.
    address supportedAccountImplementation;
}
```

Let's go through each of these fields, to discuss the features enabled by intents.

#### Gas Abstraction

One of the most powerful use cases of executing through intents is that rpc servers can abstract gas for users and get compensated in any token the user holds.

> We've removed the need for gas refunds and made pre payment of relay fees optional. Instead, relays use the `pay` function on the account to request payment in two almost identical tranches:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've removed the need for gas refunds and made pre payment of RPC server fees optional. Instead, RPC servers use the `pay` function on the account to request payment in two almost identical tranches:
```
